Game of the Rope - README

This readme is a guide to use a script to manage the remote execution of the
Game of the Rope.

IMPORTANT:
    All commands refered bellow must be executed from inside the "/scripts" folder
    No folder or file should be deleted(except log files) at the risk that the
    program may stop working.



To use the script you must have in the netbeans folder the scr, scripts and jars folders.
The project must also be compiled, which implies having a "build/classes" directory.

To enable you to run the script and execute the simulation on the remote machines
you must have ssh with public key authentication in order to login automatically.

The simpler way to execute the script is to run ./SD_script.py inside of the scripts
folder. This will run a complete set of actions to build the jars, copy them to the
remote machines, execute them, then waits for the completion of the simulation,
after it's completete it retrieves the log file and saves it to the scripts folder,
it cleans the files created on the remote machine as well.


The script allows to execute this tasks independently and without blocking between states
this is extremely useful during long simulations where you dont need to leave a terminal open.

The script options are presented with the option "help" like so "./SD_scripts.py help" and the
result is the following:

Usage: ./SD_script.py ping | build | run | clean | finished | kill | log -n log_name | help
If no argument is present simulation is built, executed and blocks for it to end to retrieve log.
     ping - tests connectivity with the hosts
     build - builds jar files for servers and clients
     run - runs the simulation remotely
     clean - removes all files created on the remote machines
     finished - checks if simulation has finished
     kill - kills all processes of an ongoing simulation in all machines
     log - retrieves the log from the machine that created it. [-n] specifies the log name created on this machine.
     help - displays this help menu



User can edit simulation settings inside the file "settings.properties" file.

IMPORTANT:
    An additional file "config.properties" is created, dont edit this file,
    edit the "settings.properties" instead

Information about what hosts are to be used are present inside "hosts.json".
Information about the build of the jars are present inside "build.json".

IMPORTANT:
    It's not recommended to change any information inside the "hosts.json" and
    "build.json" unless you know what you're doing.


Log files are created inside the "/scripts" folder and can be moved or deleted.

